c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.dll.config
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.pdb
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.dll
c:\users\paulo_both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.pdb
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.dll.config
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\GIS_APP.pdb
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.dll
C:\Users\Paulo_Both\Documents\Projetos\GIS.git\trunk\GIS_APP\GIS_APP\obj\Debug\GIS_APP.pdb
